# CODSOFT Internship

## I was given a opportunity to complete a number of tasks in java by CodSoft in order to showcase my java skills, the tasks names are as follows:

# Task 1 (Number game)

## The purpose of the project is to guess the number generated by the system

The User instructions  are as follows:
  - User has to guess a generated number from 1 to 100 in 10 attempts in order for the user to win the game.
  - User is given a clue of whether the number the user guessed is higher or lower than the random number generated by the system.
  - Please follow the read and follow the instructions on the game.

# Task 2 (Student Grade Calculator)

## The purpose of the project is to calculate the student grades, total marks, average percentage, assign grades based on the average percentage achieved. Then display the total marks average percentage and the corresponding grade to the user.

The User instructions  are as follows:
- User has to enter the number of subjects enrolled in.
- User has to then input the name of the subject enrolled in.
- User has to input marks obtained in each subject (Out of 100).

# Task 3 (ATM Interface)

## The purpose of the project is that the project mimics a ATM and a user can withdraw, deposit and check balance in their bank account.

The User instructions  are as follows:
  - User has to select options from 1 to 4 which include exiting, withdrawing , depositing and checking balance.
  - After selecting options 1-3 you are given an opportunity to make another transaction
  - User can exit the program by selecting option
